aylet 0.5 - a player for Spectrum `.ay' music files.
Copyright (C) 2001-2005 Russell Marks.
Z80 emulation copyright (C) 1994 Ian Collier.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.


Roadmap
-------

The COPYING file contains a copy of the GPL described above.

NEWS and ChangeLog describe differences between versions.


Description
-----------

aylet plays music files in the `.ay' format. These files are
essentially wrappers around bits of Z80 code which play music on the
Sinclair ZX Spectrum 128's sound hardware - either the beeper, or
(eponymously) the AY-3-8912 sound chip. Files using the Amstrad CPC
ports are also supported.

`aylet' has a curses-based interface, and `xaylet' has an X-based one.

One source of `.ay' files playable with aylet/xaylet is "Project AY"
on the World of Spectrum website:

  http://www.worldofspectrum.org/


Installation
------------

You'll need an ANSI C compiler. `gcc' is fine - so should most other
compilers be, these days.

If you're running Linux, the Makefile should be ok; if not, you might
want to check it. After doing that (or not :-)), you should do `make'
(or `make aylet' if you don't have GTK+ installed), then (as root)
`make install'.

Once it's installed, don't forget to read the man page for further
documentation.


Contacting me
-------------

You can email me at rus@svgalib.org.


Share and enjoy! 

-Rus.
